# CBRAIN integration of ExploreASL

## What is ExploreASL?

From the [ExploreASL GitHub page](https://github.com/ExploreASL/ExploreASL):

> ExploreASL is a pipeline and toolbox for image processing and statistics of arterial spin labeling perfusion MR images. It is designed as a multi-OS, open source, collaborative framework that facilitates cross-pollination between image processing method developers and clinical investigators.

## What is CBRAIN?

> CBRAIN is web-based software that allows neuroimaging researchers to perform computationally intensive analyses on data by connecting them to High-Performance Computing (HPC) facilities across Canada and around the world.

In short, CBRAIN allows researchers to share data and run computationally intensive tasks on remote servers, without the need to install software, and with the addition of a graphical user interface.

## What is this repository?

This repo contains code (a python wrapper and Docker image layer) which enables ExploreASL to run on CBRAIN clusters. The python wrapper takes a command line argument generated by a [Boutiques descriptor](https://github.com/boutiques/boutiques), which receives input from the CBRAIN GUI. The wrapper then runs xASL with the selected parameters. The wrapper and application are run in Docker or Singularity.

## Running without CBRAIN

This wrapper can be run outside of CBRAIN using bosh, a command line library for using Boutiques functions. With some data in the working directory, populate a Boutiques invocation file with the required parameters, and run

`bosh exec launch boutiques_descriptors/explore-asl.json [invocation file]`
